# OrderMaze Expedition - PHP Final Project

## Game Overview

Dive into the adventure of 'OrderMaze Expedition,' a six-level game that combines the thrill of sorting numbers and letters in both ascending and descending order with the challenge of identifying the largest and smallest among them. With six lives at your disposal, each level is a dynamic test of your cognitive skills. Are you ready to conquer the mission? It's not just a game; it's a mind-bending adventure where strategy is key!

## Development Tools

The game website was developed using mainly the PHP language (version 8.0.13) and also contains HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript codes in the project. The database used in the game was MySQL (version 8.0.27).

## Developers

- Ayrton Senna Seraphim Do Amaral
- Bruno Lemos Landeiro
- Gabriella Miwa Mori Kaku
- Karina Piekarski Siviero Contini

## Release Date

2023-12-04

## Mission

The game consists of 6 levels involving tasks of sorting and identifying the smallest and largest for sequences of numbers and letters in ascending and descending order. For the mission, the player has 6 lives to accomplish all the levels. If the player succeeds in the mission with at least 1 life remaining, they will win the game; otherwise, it will be a game over.

## Description of Levels

1. **Level 1:** Sort the 6 letters in Ascending Order
2. **Level 2:** Sort the 6 letters in Descending Order
3. **Level 3:** Sort the 6 numbers in Ascending Order
4. **Level 4:** Sort the 6 numbers in Descending Order
5. **Level 5:** Insert the first and last letter in Ascending Order
6. **Level 6:** Insert the smallest and largest number in Ascending Order

## Related Features

1. **User Accounts:**
   - Creation of user accounts (Register/Sign Up)
   - Real-time validation of entered information using AJAX
   - Login with an existing user account to play the game (Sign In)
   - Logout of a connected user account (Sign Out and Time-Out)
   - Changing the password for an existing user account (Forgot your password?)

2. **Gameplay:**
   - Six levels of a question-and-answer game (The game in itself) and Submit Answer
   - A countdown to disconnect the user if the game stays in rest mode for 15 minutes
   - Abandon a game that is in current progress (Cancel)

3. **Statistics:**
   - Display of the history of the results of all the games played before (History)

4. **Database Operations:**
   - Manipulation of a MySQL database to save, select, and update the data collected and generated by the features mentioned.
